[docs] Replace react-virtualized with react-virtuoso in Table (#35700)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/tables/tables.md

## Virtualized table

> In the following example, we demonstrate how to use [react-virtuoso](https://virtuoso.dev) with the `Table` component.

Reviewer: I think that it would be clearer with linking the GitHub repository. We tend to do this for all the projects so developers can land on "known ground".

```suggestion
In the following example, we demonstrate how to use [react-virtuoso](https://github.com/petyosi/react-virtuoso) with the `Table` component.
```
